## September 20, 2013

Your first task is to determine a high level metric that you want to measure and expose for every square inch of the space. For instance, if you are focused on collaboration, there should be a collaboration quotient that is been presented for any spot in the space at any time. It's up to you to figure out, then, how to capture collaboration. What is the formula for the collaboration quotient? Is it multiple chairs in close proximity around a table with humans seated in them? Is it chairs with temperatures above a certain level that are facing each other? In short, what determines "collaborativeness", or whichever metric you decide to take on.

You also need to think about cost. If you are the "array" analytics group, your solution can't rely on 50 Raspberry Pi + Arduino set-ups, as this would cost $5000. So, perhaps its more about looking at the Studio-X current setup, and putting proximity sensors in key places, or cameras around the room doing facial recognition in order to determine if people are facing each other, or a string of sensors on the walls that can be connected with just a few arduinos and Raspberry Pis. In short, even though you are the "array" group, it may not be feasible to connect to the most atomized objects, chairs, as they are mobile and so would each require their own autonomous module of hardware to get a reading. Try to think of a metric that can be measured by embedding sensors in or along larger objects (wall, floor, group of tables) where the cheap sensors may be replicated, but the control hardware (Arduinos and Pis) can be limited.
